
= Installation process =
If you need more information, please see the following page : https://anurag3301.com/blog/nvim-platformio-lua/

1. Install the PlatformIO core
=========================================================================================================================
curl -fsSL -o get-platformio.py https://raw.githubusercontent.com/platformio/platformio-core-installer/master/get-platformio.py
python3 get-platformio.py
=========================================================================================================================

2.Now check if you have PlatformIO cli ready to use
=========================================================================================================================
pio --version
=========================================================================================================================

3.Added anurag3301/nvim-platformio.lua plugin and its dependencies for installation in your neovim package manager, here I have given example for lazy.nvim

=========================================================================================================================
return {
    "anurag3301/nvim-platformio.lua",
    dependencies = {
        { "akinsho/nvim-toggleterm.lua" },
        { "nvim-telescope/telescope.nvim" },
        { "nvim-lua/plenary.nvim" },
    },
}
=========================================================================================================================
And that's you have nvim-platformio.lua and PlatformIO ready to be used 🥳.

= Usage =
Setup a project

1. Create a new directory for the project and cd into it, in my case ill be using a ESP32.

=========================================================================================================================
mkdir esp_project
cd esp_project
=========================================================================================================================

2.Open neovim and run :Pioinit, this will open a telescope picker where you can fuzzy find and select the board you want to use. Then press enter.

3.After selecting the board, you'll have option to select the desired framework such as Arduino, ESP-IDF, STM32 Cube etc. And press enter.

4.Now a toggleterm window will pop up which will run the pio project setup command and install any missing tools or dependencies.

5.Now you should have a PlatformIO project setup with .ccls file which will let your LSP make aware of the include path for the libraries.

6.Open the src/main.c file and write the code. In my case I wrote a simple ESP-IDF code which blink led and print to Serial line.

Code Example:
=========================================================================================================================
#include "freertos/FreeRTOS.h"
#include "freertos/task.h"
#include "driver/gpio.h"
#include "esp_log.h"

#define BLINK_GPIO 12

void app_main() {
    gpio_pad_select_gpio(BLINK_GPIO);
    gpio_set_direction(BLINK_GPIO, GPIO_MODE_OUTPUT);
    while(1) {
        gpio_set_level(BLINK_GPIO, 1);
        ESP_LOGI("LED", "LED ON");
        vTaskDelay(1000 / portTICK_PERIOD_MS);
        gpio_set_level(BLINK_GPIO, 0);
        ESP_LOGI("LED", "LED OFF");
        vTaskDelay(1000 / portTICK_PERIOD_MS);
    }
}
=========================================================================================================================

7.Compile and flash the code by running :Piorun.
8.Open the serial monitor to see the output by running :Piomon
